Hi everyone, my name is Cecil and I'm here with my colleague Jay and we're part of the
Posit support team and today we're going to walk through the process of checking to make
sure that your launcher-sessions-callback-address is set correctly.
So the launcher-sessions-callback-address, if you have launcher enabled, is the address
that each session talks back to the primary Workbench node with.
And if you have launcher enabled, it's a very important setting because if it's not set
correctly then the session won't be able to communicate back with the Workbench host.
So there are a few ways to check if you've had this set correctly.
If it's set incorrectly and you click on the Workbench jobs tab, you should see a pop-up
appear and there's a support article which walks through this but the pop-up looks like
this.
So you'll see an error saying the Workbench jobs feature is not configured correctly and
to adjust this in your rserver.conf.
So there is a test that we can use to see if our launcher-sessions-callback-address
is set correctly and that involves running a curl command to the jobs feature API which
effectively checks if the launcher feature is enabled.
And if it returns true, then we know that the launcher-sessions-callback-address is
set correctly.
If you see an error, then we know it's set incorrectly and it will need to be adjusted.
And an example of this error is like this.
So running that curl command will produce an error saying curl failed to connect to
localhost.
But if this is successful and we have a host here where it is set correctly, you can see
that the result comes back as true.